Cosmetics on slides for the linear model (#27)
INRIA/scikit-learn-mooc: slides/linear_model.md

* A linear model can also overfit

&nbsp;Salary = *0.4 x* Education + *0.2 x* Hours-per-week + *0.1 x* Age
.red[&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; + *0.2 x* Zodiac_sign + *0.3 x* Wear_red_socks + ...]

.small[]

The most comon way to limit its complexity is to push coefficients toward
small values. Such model is called *Ridge*.

 ```python
 From sklearn.linear_model import Ridge
 ridge = Ridge(alpha=1)
 ```

???

If we have too many parameters with regards to the number of samples, the
linear model can overfit: it assigns non-zero weights to associations by

> change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chance.
```

The solution is to regularize the model: to foster less complex

> solutions. For this, the is slightly biased to
> should choose smaller weights for almost a similar fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solutions. For this, the regularized model is slightly biased to
choose smaller weights for almost a similar fit.
```

Otherwise, we still can run One vs Rest approach.

---
# Linear models may not work on all data

.shift-left.pull-left[<img src="../figures/lin_separable.svg" width="100%">]
.pull-right[<img src="../figures/lin_not_separable.svg" width="100%">]

.pull-left.shift-left[Linearly separable]
.pull-right[*Not* linearly separable]

???
Linear models work as long as your data could be linearly separable.
Otherwise, either we could do feature augmentation (as we will see in an other lesson), or choose a non-linear model.

---
.center[
# Take home messages: Linear models
]

* Good and understandable baselines for:
 - regression: linear regression + regularization = Ridge
 - classification: logistic regression + fine tune `C`

* Very fast to train

> * Better when *nb of features* > *nb of samples*

Author: No, it was correct: linear models linear models are better when n_features >> n_samples

> * Better when *nb of features* > *nb of samples*

Author: No, we didn't talk about it in the slides, but I still think that it is important and that it is good to put it there.
